{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}{\f1 Calibri Light;}}
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1080\margb1080
\fs22
\pard\qc\b\f1\fs32 Arnab Dey\par
\pard\qc\f0\fs22 Stockholm, Sweden | +46 0764516092 | arnabdey009@gmail.com\par
\pard\qc LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/arnabdey73 | GitHub: github.com/arnabdey73\par
\pard\sa180\par

\pard\b\fs24 Professional Summary\b0\fs22\par
Platform Engineer with 15+ years of IT experience, including 9+ years in cloud and platform engineering across Azure, AWS, and hybrid and private cloud environments. Experienced in building and operating internal platforms and developer-facing tooling that improve engineering productivity through Infrastructure as Code, reusable CI/CD, scripting, automation, observability, build tooling, and platform standardization. Hands-on background in Terraform, GitHub Actions, Azure DevOps, Jenkins, ArgoCD, Helm, Maven, Python, Bash, Kubernetes, Prometheus, Grafana, KQL, and ELK, with a strong focus on Linux platform operations, command-line workflows, troubleshooting, incident support, and reducing friction in day-to-day developer workflows. Strong at partnering with engineering teams to turn reliability, workflow, and infrastructure pain points into practical platform improvements and reusable abstractions across cloud-native and AI-adjacent environments.\par
\pard\sa180\par

\pard\b\fs24 Core Skills\b0\fs22\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\bullet\tab Platform Engineering: internal developer platforms, developer tooling, shared infrastructure abstractions, CLI-oriented workflows, workflow automation, self-service infrastructure, Kubernetes, Docker, GitOps, ArgoCD, Helm\par
\bullet\tab Reliability and SRE Practices: observability, alerting, incident response, fault tolerance, operational support, post-incident learning\par
\bullet\tab Cloud Platforms and Architecture: Azure, AWS, hybrid and private cloud environments, landing zones, governance, IAM\par
\bullet\tab Infrastructure as Code: Terraform, reusable module libraries, ARM templates, infrastructure standardization, configuration automation\par
\bullet\tab CI/CD and Delivery: GitLab, GitHub Actions, Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Maven, SonarQube, ArgoCD, build and release automation, automated developer workflows\par
\bullet\tab Security and Compliance: Entra ID, RBAC, Azure Policy, least-privilege access, policy guardrails, secrets-aware platform patterns, DevSecOps-minded delivery\par
\bullet\tab Observability and Reliability: Prometheus, Grafana, Azure Monitor, KQL, ELK, monitoring, logging, alerting, operational visibility\par
\bullet\tab Cost and Governance: cloud cost optimization templates, governance controls, policy-driven infrastructure\par
\bullet\tab Scripting and Tooling: Python, Bash, PowerShell, Ansible, Helm, Maven, Git, command-line automation\par
\bullet\tab AI and Data Platform Support: Kubeflow exposure, AI-adjacent platform operations, developer enablement for data workflows, Python-based automation\par
\bullet\tab Collaboration: requirement analysis, platform standardization, stakeholder alignment, troubleshooting, cross-team enablement, documentation, knowledge sharing, support-oriented communication\par
\pard\sa180\par

\pard\b\fs24 Professional Experience\b0\fs22\par

\pard\b DevOps Engineer, AFRY Digital Solutions AB\b0\tab May 2025 - Present\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\bullet\tab Designed and deployed a GitOps-based Kubernetes platform using ArgoCD, Prometheus, Grafana, cert-manager, and sealed-secrets, improving reliability, automation, and developer workflows through version-controlled platform operations and reusable deployment patterns.\par
\bullet\tab Treated the platform as an internal product with a focus on usability, repeatability, observability, and maintainable patterns for shared developer workflows.\par
\bullet\tab Maintained the GitOps platform as a live project: github.com/arnabdey73/single-node-gitops\par
\bullet\tab Built RPA workflows in Power Automate to automate data collection from Tendsign, supporting business process optimization.\par
\bullet\tab Maintained automation-oriented tooling and workflows that reduced manual steps and improved consistency for recurring engineering tasks.\par

\pard\b Assignment: Ericsson AB\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\bullet\tab Supported engineering teams by maintaining Linux-based test infrastructure and CI workflows, troubleshooting issues across delivery and validation workflows, and reducing friction in developer support workflows.\par
\bullet\tab Worked closely with engineering stakeholders to improve delivery continuity and day-to-day operability of internal engineering platforms.\par
\bullet\tab Supported engineering effectiveness through practical collaboration, clear communication, and hands-on problem solving across shared delivery workflows and support channels.\par
\bullet\tab Contributed to incident handling and operational stability by troubleshooting infrastructure and workflow issues affecting engineering teams.\par
\pard\sa180\par

\pard\b Cloud Engineer, Stena Metall AB\b0\tab Aug 2024 - Jan 2025\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\bullet\tab Contributed to the evolution of the Azure Cloud Adoption Framework and landing zone setup, helping define governance, compliance, and platform guardrails for Azure usage.\par
\bullet\tab Implemented Terraform- and Azure Pipelines-based infrastructure patterns aligned with Azure governance standards, enabling more consistent, reusable, and controlled platform provisioning across environments.\par
\bullet\tab Defined and implemented Azure Policy guardrails, Entra ID and RBAC access controls, and secure-by-design infrastructure patterns to improve platform security, compliance, and operational consistency across Azure environments.\par
\bullet\tab Improved reliability with KQL-based monitoring, reducing downtime by 20%.\par
\bullet\tab Contributed reusable platform patterns and building blocks supporting event-driven integrations, automated workflows, self-service provisioning, and clearer operational visibility for engineering teams.\par
\bullet\tab Developed reusable Azure cost optimization templates: github.com/arnabdey73/azure-cost-optimizer\par
\bullet\tab Published a Terraform module library for consistent Azure infrastructure deployment: github.com/arnabdey73/iac-module-library-azure\par
\pard\sa180\par

\pard\b Senior Software Engineer (DevOps), Capgemini Sverige AB\b0\tab Sep 2021 - Jul 2024\par
\pard\b Assignment: Volvo Cars Car Safety R&D\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\bullet\tab Implemented CI/CD pipeline automation in Azure DevOps, reducing deployment times by 30%.\par
\bullet\tab Automated Azure Databricks cluster scaling with Terraform and GitHub Actions, improving efficiency in data workflows and support for data-platform operations.\par
\bullet\tab Upgraded on-prem hardware for Kubeflow workloads, integrating with Kubernetes (Rancher RKE) to support ML-adjacent platform needs.\par
\bullet\tab Worked across engineering and stakeholder groups to align requirements, shape technical approaches, and support delivery decisions for internal platform initiatives.\par
\bullet\tab Enabled development teams through platform automation, CI/CD improvements, reusable infrastructure patterns, and stronger operational support.\par
\bullet\tab Led the AI-powered Resume Builder Agent project: github.com/arnabdey73/resume-builder-agent\par
\bullet\tab Maintained a Python-based automation toolkit for infrastructure and operational tasks: github.com/arnabdey73/devops-python-automation-project\par
\pard\sa180\par

\pard\b Senior Business Consultant (DevOps), Tech Mahindra\b0\tab Feb 2017 - Sep 2021\par
\pard\b Assignment: Deutsche Telekom\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\bullet\tab Designed and managed CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, Maven, Git, and SonarQube for hybrid cloud applications and release workflows.\par
\bullet\tab Automated microservice orchestration with Docker and Kubernetes, improving resource utilization by 25%.\par
\bullet\tab Deployed and configured Zookeeper and Kafka on Kubernetes using Helm charts, supporting repeatable setup and more consistent platform operations for distributed services.\par
\bullet\tab Managed the ELK Stack for centralized logging and data indexing.\par
\bullet\tab Reduced operational overhead by 20% via Terraform- and Ansible-based infrastructure automation.\par
\bullet\tab Contributed to shared engineering platform reliability through standardized automation, container platform support, Maven-backed builds, improved observability, and stronger deployment consistency.\par
\bullet\tab Supported platform stability in hybrid environments by improving monitoring, troubleshooting, and operational consistency for shared services.\par
\bullet\tab Published a sanitized OpenStack DevOps solution showcasing provisioning, monitoring, and automation: github.com/arnabdey73/openstack-devops-suite\par

\pard\b Assignment: CA ANZ\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\bullet\tab Architected and guided adoption of a GitLab-based CI and source control model, establishing a revised GitFlow branching strategy, standardizing repository and pipeline practices, and supporting implementation through documentation and knowledge transfer.\par
\bullet\tab Helped improve developer workflows by standardizing source control and CI usage patterns, reducing friction in day-to-day engineering processes.\par

\pard\b Assignment: Cisco Systems\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\bullet\tab Supported AWS-hosted networking and firmware platforms across Development, Staging, and Production environments, contributing to reliable, scalable application operations.\par
\bullet\tab Designed and implemented AWS-based CI/CD workflows using EC2, Jenkins, Maven, Git, SonarQube, and an in-house orchestration tool to improve delivery automation, build reliability, and platform consistency.\par
\bullet\tab Built and operated containerized microservices with Docker and Amazon ECS, contributing to scalable distributed application deployment patterns.\par
\bullet\tab Strengthened platform observability through Amazon CloudWatch, ELK Stack, and Graylog, improving operational visibility and issue resolution.\par
\pard\sa180\par

\pard\b Senior AEM Administrator (Cloud), ICF Next\b0\tab Sep 2015 - Jan 2017\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\bullet\tab Managed AWS and VMware environments, improving uptime by 15% through optimized resource utilization and automation with Ansible and shell scripting.\par
\bullet\tab Provisioned and optimized AWS infrastructure using VPCs, security groups, and EC2, supporting scalable and secure application environments.\par
\pard\sa180\par

\pard\b Unix/Linux Systems Administrator, Hewlett Packard Enterprise\b0\tab Nov 2011 - Aug 2015\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\tx720\bullet\tab Administered Unix-based and VMware platforms, enhancing system performance and reliability.\par
\bullet\tab Authored SOPs and UML diagrams, reducing incident response times by 20%.\par
\pard\sa180\par

\pard\b\fs24 Education\b0\fs22\par
B.Tech in Computer Science, West Bengal University of Technology, Kolkata, India (2005 - 2009)\par
\pard\sa180\par

\pard\b\fs24 Certifications\b0\fs22\par
Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals, issued March 2023. Credential ID: 801D970BAA49297\par
\pard\sa180\par

\pard\b\fs24 Languages\b0\fs22\par
English: Bilingual / Native Proficiency\par
Swedish: SFI C Level Proficiency\par
}